## Field Trip Project

### Project summary

My idea for the project was a digital art gallery that displays the different art pieces we saw at the museum. The user could have a character that walks across the page and stops at the different framed art pieces. The pieces could then have small plaques beneath that allow that person to learn more about the artist and the work. I wanted to do something like this because it would be like an opportunity for people who maybe wanted to learn more or didn't have time to see all of the art when they went in person to get another opportunity to see everything. I also think it would be helpful to gear it more towards kids so as an opportunity for children to learn more about the pieces at home. It also would just be fun interaction wise to make a simple character to walk across the pages and see everything digitally instead of just scrolling and clicking. It also helps to highlight the art specifically which is something personally just find very cool within the different cultures.

### Core webpages

The home page would look like an entrance to the museum with a little desk as the hero image and a title displaying the name of the museum in a bold font. There would be a number of different images/dividers that link to the second page that holds that same number of images/dividers to represent a number of rooms to pick. For example if you had 4 different themed rooms, you click on 1 and it would take you to a Inuit themed room, but if you click another room it would take you to a Western themed room. The second page would be the actual gallery that you can walk through with the "rooms" and when you click on the rooms there would be various frames that have plaques underneath and pictures of the actual artworks inside the frames. Your character would "walk" across the page and be able to click on the different frames. The third page would be a fun quiz where you can try to see what all you remember from reading the different plaques. It would be a simple multiple choice quiz more targeted towards kids and younger children as a way for them to learn. And the fourth page would be a contact page that allows the user to report bug issues they found, sign up for emails for future events inside the actual museum, and give recommendations for what types of exhibits they'd like to see in the future. These would all be made with forms for people to fill out.

### Design choices

I think the overall color scheme would be very neutral and calming with browns, blacks, and cream colors because there will be a lot of color going on from the actual art gallery pieces. The more "bland" colors would help to keep the website from looking too overwhelming or visually busy. There would be a simple nav at the top with a logo of the museum in the left corner and a link to each of the four pages labeled "Home", "Gallery", "Quiz", and "Contact". The home page would be simple with the hero of the desk image, a simple H1 that says "Eiteljorg Museum Digital Gallery". The main body of the home page would have the four images/dividers that lead to the rooms of the gallery on the gallery page, and at the bottom would have a link to the quiz for people who might want to take a pre-exam to see how much they already know. There would be a footer at the bottom with references to any social media platforms as well as any TM things or other essential information. The gallery would ideally just be a simple made background that looks like the wall of a museum and a long page that extends with the character and allows the individual to look at the different golden frames that vary in design for visual interest and matching gold plaques underneath. At the end of each room there would be a "doorway" that links to the next room in the list of the original gallery page. The quiz page would be something simple like a multiple choice form that maybe randomizes a series of 5 questions out of a list of maybe 50 (or even one question per art piece), and would return a grade to the person that allows them to see what they did wrong. The quiz would also let the person click a link to see where they can find the information they got wrong. The fourth page would have the boxes that allow the user to fill out things (this part is more for the parents), recommend exhibits, and report any issues. It would also have contact information for reaching out to the museum for any questions/concerns. I think most of this would be best done with Javascript, but a lot of the images, backgrounds, and extra pieces like the frames could be made in Adobe and imported instead of being done within the actual code. After that it would just be a process of styling everything to match and look visually appealing.
